Stronger language about Docker Compose customizability (#22304)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/start/docker.rst

> This quick-start guide will allow you to quickly start Airflow with :doc:`CeleryExecutor </executor/celery>` in Docker. This is the fastest way to start Airflow.

Reviewer: If docker compose is really intended as a dev tool, maybe this line should be reworked to reflect that.  I'm not sure exactly what the language should be.  But maybe something like

```suggestion
This quick-start guide will allow you to quickly get Airflow up and running with :doc:`CeleryExecutor </executor/celery>` in Docker.  For running airflow in production, we recommend running on kubernetes with the official helm chart.
```

Customizing the quick-start Docker Compose
==========================================

DO NOT attempt to customize images and the Docker Compose if you do not know exactly what you are doing,

> know Docker Compose or do not will to debug and resolve problems on your own. If you do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do not know Docker Compose, or are not prepared to debug and resolve problems on your own. If you do not
```

know Docker Compose and expect Airflow to **just work** beyond following precisely the quick-start,
then please use other ways of running Airflow - for example :doc:`/start/local` for testing and trying
and :doc:`Official Airflow Community Helm Chart<helm-chart:index>` for production purposes.

Even if many users think of Docker Compose as "ready to use", it is really a developer tool, that requires

> the user to know very well how docker images, containers docker compose networking, volumes, naming, image

Author: ```suggestion
the user to know very well how docker images, containers, docker compose networking, volumes, naming, image
```
